java c
Prescriptive   Models and   Data   Analytics
Problem   Set   #2
1          Hospital   admission      quality   of   serviceDownload health   data   .csv   and   load   it   into python.    These   are   data   from   hospital   admissions   for   coronary   artery bypass graft   (CABG) in the UK.   Among   other   things,   you   observe   whether   the   patient   died   after   the   surgery   (coded   up   as   patient   died   dummy),   which   hospital   the   patient   visited   (hospital         id),   and   a   series   of patient   characteristics   such   as   gender   and   age.
Question   1.   Start   by   regressing   the   patient-died   dummy   variable   on   a   set   of   hospital   dummies
(a)      Based   on   the   regression   output,   interpret   the   coefficients   on   the   constant   term   and   the   dummy   for hospital   D.
(b)   What   is   the   difference   between   the   mortality   rates   at   hospitals   D   and   E   (use   the   regression   output   to derive   this)?
Causal   interpretation   (or   lack   thereof)Question   2.   Continue to   use the   hospital   data   in this   question,   but   only   use   data   for   patients that   visited   either   hospital   A   or   B.   Regress   mortality   on   an   intercept   and   a   dummy   for   whether   the   patient   visited   hospital   B.
(a)   Explain   why   the   difference   in   mortality   rate   implied   by   this   regression   cannot   be   interpreted   as   the   causal   effect   of   visiting   a   different   hospital   (i.e.,   the   change   in   risk   of   dying   when   moving   a   patient from   hospital   A   to   B   cannot   be   inferred   from   this   regression).
(b)      Do   you   think   difference   in   mortality   between   hospitals   are   over-   or   under-estimated?      Think   about what   type   of patients   go   to   which   type   of hospital.
(c)   What   are   potential   control   variables   that   you   might   want   to   include   in   the   regression,   in   order   to   o代 写Prescriptive Models and Data Analytics Problem Set #2Python
代做程序编程语言btain   a   causal   estimate    (or   at   least   get   closer   to   a   causal   estimate)?      Run   such   a   regression   with   suitable   controls   and   interpret   the   change   in   the   coefficient   on   the   hospital   B   dummy.    Explain   why   you   included   the   specific   set   of variables.
2          Demand   estimation
The   dataset   demand   data   .csv   contains   data   on   sales   and   prices   at   a   set   of   ice-cream   vendors   measured
over   52   weeks.   All   ice-cream   at   a   given   store   is   always   priced   the   same,   so   there   is   only   one   price   variable.   However,   different   vendors   charge   different   prices   and   most   vendors   vary   their   prices   throughout   the   year.Question   1.   Load   demand   data   .csv   into   Python.   For vendor   1,   run   a   regression   of sales   on   price   and   also   a   regression   of sales   on   price   and   a   summer   dummy   (make   sure   your   regression   selects   only   the   52   weeks   of   data   for   vendor   1).   Use   the   omitted   variable   bias   formula   to   explain   why   the   price   coefficient   changes   when the   summer   dummy   is   also   included   in   the   regression.Question   2.   Repeat   the   two   regressions   that   you   just   ran   in   question   1, but   now   use   data   only   for   vendor   2.   In the case of the regression with   the   summer   dummy,   you   should   find   that   there   might   be   multicollinearity   problems.   Why   does   this   happen?Question      3.       Suppose      that      one      of   the   vendors   did   not   systematically   charge   higher   or   lower   prices   in summer.      If   you   were   to   repeat   the   analysis   you   just   did   for   vendors   1   and   2,   what   would   you   expect   to happen   to   the   price   coefficient   estimate   and   its   precision   in   the   two   regressions   with   and   without   the   summer dummy?



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
